No
cuz I'm lyrically so dangerous you don't
want no problems you don't want no
problems y'all know I'm so dangerous you
don't want no problems you don't want no
problem Deborah lyrical injection I kill
you rappelled a lot of green with a
yellow from plexi women call me the
green bag back I pack 20 its meaning
mucho deniro so pain rappers is waiting
on trains and they all get nicked like
mellow hello Ludo telling other boys
double love cuz I got some work all on
my waist when I called it a tummy
every records jumping or playing double
good I shit on rappers every verse just
got hola Ludacris there Ludacris think
i'm new to disrupt the dirty all across
the world I polluted air sudafed send a
hollow-point get your head hope you get
the point it don't really matter who you
is never days they be spitting and they
so smooth never put your vocals like a
pro tools close to and keep it real but
they don't you know you'll get the blame
when the pollution to this vote too
diabolical shoot at you in turn your
molecules and the product rule is how
you really thinking i'ma lose comic pull
money only reason I'm a move they'll
announce that I made a killing like
Obama news three stories with the truce
when they never told three stories in
the time that I'll never know who I got
a killer give the boondocks episode
Shakira shaking when she got in the
leopard road pendo games like I never
got a token I'm on ecology you're going
through the motions give me my Jim
Carrey mass cuz i smoke in always been
the boss what the hell is a promotion
you're anything less than the best is
insulting go to let's have you pissing
like a sultan hope you got Geico I leave
it broke and I'm talking about the mic i
see that mr. they're not joking
No
no problems you don't want no prob no
nepean top ramen check full of commerce
no regrets except to the drama I
remember a time where my only perfection
was my mama my mind along direction I
was time to evolve out of a wreck tamiya
met in my honor this bitch hung bungalow
and the whip for my ivanka pump this
girl she all evil it on me singing on
key while I'm bunking we all the world
it's nothing Britney no we did diddy
wait no we get me ready I feel like
hitting the glass you take a sit with me
shooting city of jackson i call them
mississippi that was pretty gritty your
man like a black man trying to get into
the pattern let him to the floor you're
slipping it through the ghetto matter
when the door case i got up those I'm
let it take your floor ever dream on
stage I'm settle in the school I don't
know what cha hating for wait wait no I
matter of fact I don't know what y'all
waitin for hangs in the same night turn
the page something more to this because
Bob I get a kick out of there like a
sneaker spider see I was a little kid
with his thumbs in his ears and the
tongue in the air going
I figures I but don't be mad at least I